"If a machine is expected to be infallible, it cannot also be intelligent."
"A computer would deserve to be called intelligent if it could deceive a human into believing that it was human."
"I believe that at the end of the century the use of words and general educated opinion will have altered so much that one will be able to speak of machines thinking without expecting to be contradicted."
"The original question, ‘Can machines think’ I believe to be too meaningless to deserve discussion."
"We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done."
"If a machine can think, it might think more intelligently than we do, and then where should we be?"
"Machines take me by surprise with great frequency."
"A man provided with paper, pencil, and rubber, and subject to strict discipline, is in effect a universal machine."
"No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain. All I'm after is just a mediocre brain, something like the President of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company."
"One day ladies will take their computers for walks in the park and tell each other, 'My little computer said such a funny thing this morning'."
"The [imitation] game may perhaps be criticised on the ground that the odds are weighted too heavily against the machine."
"Programming is a skill best acquired by practice and example rather than from books."
"The machine doesn’t originate anything... But if real brains are machines, a digital computer suitably programmed will behave like a brain."
"Mathematical reasoning may be regarded rather schematically as the exercise of a combination of two facilities, which we may call intuition and ingenuity."
"Science is a differential equation. Religion is a boundary condition."
"Those who can imagine anything, can create the impossible."
"I think it is probable... at the end of the [20th] century it will be possible to programme a machine to answer questions ... extremely difficult to guess whether the answers are being given by a man or by the machine."
"Conjectures are of great importance since they suggest useful lines of research."
"The popular view that scientists proceed inexorably from well-established fact to well-established fact... is quite mistaken."
"Sometimes it is the people who no one imagines anything of who do the things that no one can imagine.”